c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\ImageBoard.exe.config
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\ImageBoard.exe
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\ImageBoard.pdb
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.dll
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\SOD_CS_Library.dll
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\SocketIOClient.pdb
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\SOD_CS_Library.pdb
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.pdb
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.g.resources
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.exe
c:\users\aselab\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.pdb
C:\Users\garance\Documents\GitHub\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\garance\Documents\GitHub\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\garance\Documents\GitHub\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\garance\Documents\GitHub\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\garance\Documents\GitHub\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.g.resources
C:\Users\garance\Documents\GitHub\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\garance\Documents\GitHub\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\garance\Documents\GitHub\ImageBoard\ImageBoard\obj\Debug\ImageBoard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
